Qiao'er didn't lie to you.
You are as important to him as your life
Although my apprentice is strong
But my health is not good
Reiki every death
He will pass out
I can't recover after sleeping for several days
With you by my side
He will be relieved
What do you mean?
I can give him Reiki
Then why did he faint?
Because you hate him so much
Causing his reiki to flow back
Qiao'er is stupid sometimes
But he's sincere to you.
He wants to suck some reiki from you
To repay you
He will stand in front of you in any danger.
Mr. Shen, be careful
He is young
Don't know anything.
You are the world
The most special person
So he wants to marry you.
I want to stay by your side forever
If you really don't like it
Just be patient.
When he is well
I'll take him back to the mountain
I can promise to give him change.
The condition is to help me find my mother
Yes, yes.
It's no problem to find someone, if you can't find it
I'll let everyone in this broken dojo
Let's go pick up junk together
Master, why are you here?
Qiao Er, you can do it
I told Mr. Shen everything about you
Mr. Shen has forgiven you
Why don't you support each other?
Oh, really?
Mr. Shen, have you forgiven me? Look at your expression
It's like a gas pump
Master, did you really tell him everything?
Wife, I have to marry him. Shh